My name is Irène Hof Laurenceau.
I studied medicine
at the University of Zurich in Switzerland.
And afterward, I specialized
in orthopedic surgery.
I didn’t believe in a Creator
because I believed that the species
came into existence
through evolution.
By comparing the anatomies
of various organisms,
we recognize similarities.
To me, it was logical
that there was a link
between these similarities;
that it indicated that we descend
from a common ancestor.
After my studies in medicine,
I worked in hospitals
in surgical departments.
In orthopedics
—a large part of orthopedics
involves the insertion
of prosthetics
to replace joints that are sick
or no longer work.
Because the knee
not only bends and straightens,
there is also a sliding movement,
a small rotation.
With a prosthetic knee,
we cannot achieve
the complete mobility
of a normal healthy knee.
If we see someone
skating or dancing,
we have to believe
that there is a designer
who is superior to us.
For a foot to function properly,
there has to be harmony
between the joints,
the tendons, the muscles,
and the nervous system.
It’s difficult to imagine
that it could be the result
of evolution.
When someone came to my home
to speak about the Bible,
I found the arguments
in favor of creation more logical.
Also, I learned there are
renowned scientists
who have doubts
themselves about the theory
of evolution.
By studying the Bible,
I came to better know
who God is.
It’s like food.
You have to taste it
to know if it’s good.
Likewise,
you have to study the Bible
to realize
that what it says is true.